Rolling group boys of have the obsession that seemingly bike Ya run especially abnormal
4 He is the fastest man at the Passion of Passage
Hmm
Or more than 140 kg
ana
It is called a tyrant from the fellow from the multitude
It is the adults who will not be required Yobiumi
I thought it would be like that
Is it fun to do things and women's?
It is dangerous and dangerous if it is a foolish thing
But even something will take to something I ne I'm such that there is worth it
It is to become a pro racer the dream of the rolling boy's book
Hmm
I want to be a pro racer
Last year but now it has increased dramatically
Even a boy who was transferred to Sir Kit chestnut stage graduated from the oriental
Tsukuba circuit site
Everyone our racers handle swings race track and once also people
About 5 years ago
We went only seven thousand people Slaughters the ones that have the circuit license
It has reached 47,000 people now
The boys who drown in the pro racers just after face shape
Reservation of circuit racing is full of state boot up to 3 months in advance
First 30 minutes 4
It took even 2,800 yen
In the play, the Balinese legend is now overwhelmingly popular among boys
In the story, a boy named Toge's writer is eventually picked up by a woman's work slider
The
a Ya dream that customers become debt purchase tarp of tg mistranslation
Odd'm not rice land b
I am
I want you to
I
not
Accidental death to rapidly increasing two-wheeler
Nearly half of the 2,400 people died last year were high school students
Among them, Kanagawa Prefecture ah slander accident Prefecture of Zenkokuichi
teame
Under cover to the boys of the rolling group will not match the figure of junior high school students
am
28 years
It is increasingly overheating Ikubu
This heat is about to cool down